# Human Experiences


### Link: https://taylorecox.github.io/HumanExperiences/


The site's overall theme is about experiencing things that the average human doesn't typically get to experience. On the landing page, the user can choose from 3 different "experiences". The three applications, (a.k.a "experiences",) I coded are: what it would be like to space travel, exploring the depths of the ocean, as well as what it would be like to be on the side of a mountain.

Each of the application pages used the same general wireframe of HTML, the only difference between them being the various applications. I largely used code applications I found online - noted in references - however, not without changing the JS, HTML, and CSS generously and learning a great deal while doing so - noted below. I modified the specifications of each application so fit into the theme I was going for properly. I also modified the css and HTML to make the application fit correctly onto the webpage.

The HTML canvas was used for the space application as well as a large amount of javascript. The application works by following the user's cursor and generates "stars" accordingly and animating them "toward" the inverse of the cursor's x and y coordinate locations. The user can also click the screen using any mouse buttons to go into "hyperspeed" a.k.a create a trail behind each star. The Marianas Trench application heavily relied on CSS animations - keyframing was all done in the CSS. This application works by having a clear photo in the background and setting the same background image to the various bubbles. A blurry image is then coded inline to the original, masking it while the bubbles provide some clarity. The user can click the buttons in the top-left corner to toggle the blurry photo's style display: none and be greeted by your friendly shark! The Mount Everest application relied almost entirely on javascript. The application automatically pans to the right, waiting for the click event to allow the user to drag the picture. The javascript also wraps the photo to create a sphere, allowing the user to feel like they are there.

Upon working on this project, I learned a lot about classes, divs, animations, and inheritance, especially when coding the homepage. I learned about inheritance and what how children inherit attributes from the parents, what priority, as well as how to go about implementing meaningful code around the concept. I learned how HTML canvas works as well as how to implement it. In terms of javascript, I learned more about its syntax, how it's implemented and how it reacts to HTML.
